# MWIVs-R-Code
##### Simulation results for "Sensitivity Analysis and Power in the Presence of Many Weak Instruments"
##### The simulation results for each scenario are generated by the following R scripts.


File | Description
---- | ----
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
[Figure4-KJ_em&th_power.R](Figure3-KJ_em&th_power.R) | Comparing the empirical and theoretical power of KJ statistic and generating Figure 4 in the manuscript. 
[Figure5-Sensitivity-Power.R](Figure4-Sensitivity-Power.R) | Comparing the power of AR and different KJ statistics and generating Figure 5 in the manuscript. 
[Figure6-Sensitivity-zeroinf-multitxt.R](Figure5-Sensitivity-zeroinf-multitxt.R) | Comparing the power of AR and different KJ statistics when the outcome is zero inflated and there are two treatment variables.  Generating Figure 6 in the manuscript. 
[FigureS9-KJ_em&th-zeroinf-multitxt.R](Figure7-KJ_em&th-zeroinf-multitxt) | Comparing the empirical and theoretical power of KJ statistic in a two-dimensional treatment setting and generating Figure S9 in the manuscript. 
[Table2-inference-under_heterogeneity.R](Table1-inference-under_heterogeneity.R) | Producing confidence intervals and point estimates by inverting the AR and different KJ staitstics. Generating Table 2 in the manuscript.
[Table3-real_data_code.R](Table3-real_data_code.R) | This code is used in real data analysis section to produce confidence intervals and point estimates by inverting the AR and different KJ staitstics. Generating Table 3 in the manuscript.
[Table4-real_data_code.R](Table4-real_data_code.R) | This code is used in real data analysis section to produce confidence intervals and point estimates by inverting the AR and different KJ staitstics for different subgroups. Generating Table 4 in the manuscript.
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
